not it's not about ethics there is no  there is no purchase uh ethics in this  conversation and for the record like i  didn't buy it because like oh my god  porsche has like really good ethics on  how they treat their [ __ ] uh  uh you know workers like i don't [ __ ]  know how to treat their workers that's  ridiculous oh yeah if you purchase this  car like it's gonna [ __ ] or if you  purchase these shoes we're gonna send  shoes to africa like no it's not how  that works okay there's no such thing  like  there's no  there's no situation in which like uh  you know this is a truly socialist  car company or anything like that it's  not [ __ ] on twitter saying you  should stop claiming you're part of the  working class that's one uh people on  people say things like uh uh you know  i can't believe he's like lying to  people that i'm uh you know funding the  the vanguard the revolutionary vanguard  it's just it  it it's just those are not real things  that's not a real thing at all  okay and that won't be a real thing at  all that's just a made-up thing you're  getting  angry at a made-up thing that you made  up in your mind  are you insane of course it's a lot of  money  no it is  it is it is a lot of money they like  don't be delusional you know of course  it is  totally  totally uh an abundant purchase it's a  luxury car it's a [ __ ] luxury vehicle  the point is  like it's just i'm [ __ ] i'm 30 years  old  just remember every single person that  has talked [ __ ] about me buying this car  was also talking [ __ ] when i was driving  a camry because they said he's hiding  his wealth he's trying to act like he's  a common uh guy you know he's like a  he's like a commoner he's a layman like  oh i'm just like you guys look at my  shitty camry you know what i mean and  there are still things  that are uh obviously that make me  relatable if you're like a normal  working class person who like sees this  and gets upset  uh and and angry from a place of again  still envy i totally understand that